gh-89708: use fds when possible in contextlib.chdir (#132982)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-04-26-12-10-32.gh-issue-89708.haEUh3.rst

> Use fds in contextlib.chdir where supported. This fixes bugs if the original
> working directory is greater than PATH_MAX and/or is deleted before the
> context manager exits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use file descriptors in :func:`contextlib.chdir` when possible to prevent
issues when the original working directory is concurrently deleted or when
its path length is longer than the maximum allowed by the host platform.
```

A `versionchanged` may be worth it. I suggested a rewording but I'm not sure that we need to mention what it fixes.

Author: Sure, let me know if `versionchanged` would be helpful. I'm not familiar with Python's rules in this respect, so I don't have a strong opinion myself on whether it should be added.
